what is up guys Tiana's here today and
today i'm bringing you a tutorial on how
to install this next-gen mod on pc so
yeah quite a lot of people have been
asking me how did I get this background
that is that has nice and a blueish
background and everything looks like
next-gen so in destroy I'm gonna show
you how to install it and there's two
ways and the way I'm gonna use is that
way with file master and yeah I'm just
gonna show you this this is what the
ultimate team squad builder screen looks
like and just like the screens so yeah
okay I'll show you how to do it so I'm
gonna close FIFA and what you have here
is a actual patch and final master but
let's do this first so you download the
file just all follow be down in the
description below and you open this and
just run this file that's all you have
to do press next next I agree
next again then you then you select your
FIFA folder let me just like mine
origin games c14 so you do that and then
you just simply install it and then you
exit well so if you would go the other
way you would use this regenerator and
you just press go but I don't know I had
some trouble with using this so I just
press exit and what I do then is I open
file master and I press on this and
press on game and you see this button
here that says regenerate OPH you just
press that just wait a minute and it's
gonna regenerate all the files in FIFA
and you're gonna have next-gen
background then so that's just it it's
that easy and you hope you guys enjoyed
this tutorial because a lot of people
have been asking me to make it and yeah
I'm gonna leave all the links done
description below follow my twitch
channel follow me on Twitter and if you
like my videos subscribe to me on
youtube and yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
it peace